Create CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md (#78)
OBF/obf-docs: code-of-conduct/incident-reporting-guidelines.md

# 3 Incident Reporting Guidelines

## 3.1 Reporting to the Code of Conduct Committee

> Reports to the Code of Conduct Committee should be made by emailing ``<dedicated Code of Conduct email>``. All reports will be reviewed by the Code of Conduct Committee and will be kept confidential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reports to the Code of Conduct Committee should be made by emailing `coc@open-bio.org`. All reports will be reviewed by the Code of Conduct Committee and will be kept confidential.
```

Currently appointed members to report any incident of violation of Code of Conduct are **Bastian Greshake Tzovaras, Malvika Sharan and Yo Yehudi**.

## 3.2 Alternate contact points

> **Ombudsperson**: If you are uncomfortable emailing to the OBF's Code of Conduct Committee, you can send your incident report the ombudsperson. The designated ombudsman for OBF is **Tracy Teal**, who can be contacted by emailing `<dedicated email>`. Reports made to ombudsperson will not be shared with the committee unless agreed with the reporters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Ombudsperson**: If you are uncomfortable emailing the OBF's Code of Conduct Committee, you can send your incident report to the ombudsperson. The designated ombudsperson for OBF is **Tracy Teal**, who can be contacted by emailing `ombuds@open-bio.org`. Reports made to the ombudsperson will not be shared with the committee unless agreed with the reporters. 
```
